= indierockmedia-blavosync


BLAVOSYNC

adds the following tasks to projects using capistrano

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:backup_content
------------------------------------------------------------
Downloads a tarball of shared content (identified by the :shared_content and
:content_directories properties) from a deployable environment (RAILS_ENV) to
the local filesystem.

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:backup_db
------------------------------------------------------------
Backs up deployable environment's database (idgit loentified by the
RAILS_ENV environment variable, which defaults to 'production') and copies it to
the local machine

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:force_backup_content
------------------------------------------------------------
Regenerate files.

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:force_backup_db
------------------------------------------------------------
Regenerate files.

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:restore_content
------------------------------------------------------------
Restores the backed up content (env var FROM specifies which environment
was backed up, defaults to RAILS_ENV) to the local development environment app

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:restore_db
------------------------------------------------------------
Untars the backup file downloaded from local:backup_db (specified via the FROM
env
variable, which defalts to RAILS_ENV), and imports (via mysql command line tool)
it back into the database
defined in the RESTORE_ENV env variable (defaults to development).

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:resync_db
------------------------------------------------------------
Ensure that a fresh remote data dump is retrieved before syncing to the local
environment

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:sync
------------------------------------------------------------
Wrapper for local:sync_db and local:sync_content
$> cap local:sync RAILS_ENV=production RESTORE_ENV=development

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:sync_content
------------------------------------------------------------
Wrapper for local:backup_content and local:restore_content
$> cap local:sync_content RAILS_ENV=production RESTORE_ENV=development

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:sync_db
------------------------------------------------------------
Wrapper for local:backup_db and local:restore_db.
$> cap local:sync_db RAILS_ENV=production RESTORE_ENV=development

------------------------------------------------------------
cap local:sync_init
------------------------------------------------------------
Wrapper for local:force_backup_db, local:force_backup_content, and the
local:sync to get
a completely fresh set of data from the server
$> cap local:sync RAILS_ENV=production RESTORE_ENV=development




== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 jayronc. See LICENSE for details.
